Minimize the scope of the native_lib feature (#251)
Smithay/wayland-rs: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

- [protocols] Update `wlr-protocols` (`data-control` version 2).
- Minimize the scope of the `native_lib` features. The code generated by `wayland-scanner` is

>   now independant of this feature, making `wayland-protocols` alos independant of it, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  now independent of this feature, making `wayland-protocols` also independent of it, and
```
